Define the fallback tracer name for invalid values. (#1534)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/trace/api.md

  In that scenario, the `name` denotes a module name or component name within that library
  or application.
  In case an invalid name (null or empty string) is specified, a working

>   default Tracer implementation as a fallback MUST be returned rather than returning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  default Tracer implementation MUST be returned as a fallback rather than returning
```

  null or throwing an exception, and `name` SHOULD be the set to the

>   `<INVALID INSTRUMENTATION NAME PROVIDED>` literal, in order to signal the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "`<INVALID INSTRUMENTATION NAME PROVIDED>`" literal, in order to signal that the
```

>   `<INVALID INSTRUMENTATION NAME PROVIDED>` literal, in order to signal the

Reviewer 2: `name` is not exposed by Tracer https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/trace/api.md#tracer, who would be consuming this value (how do we "signal")?

Reviewer: Both the `SpanProcessor`s and the `SpanExporter`s receive a read/write or readable span representation, which provides access to the `InstrumentationLibrary` containing the `name` and `version` provided at tracer creation:
https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/d89f446368307fc80c3fad76ad17d5fbef1059f9/specification/trace/sdk.md#L71-L76

>   "`<INVALID INSTRUMENTATION NAME PROVIDED>`" literal, in order to signal that the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  string `<INVALID INSTRUMENTATION NAME PROVIDED>`, in order to signal that the
```

  In that scenario, the `name` denotes a module name or component name within that library
  or application.
  In case an invalid name (null or empty string) is specified, a working

>   default Tracer implementation MUST be returned as a fallback rather than returning

Reviewer 4: can we remove the word "default"? It's not clear what it means, and might be confused with "default no-op implementation" that is returned by the API when no SDK is installed.

Author: Done, removed the `default` word ;)

>   null or throwing an exception, and `name` SHOULD keep the original invalid value,
>   with a log message reporting that the specified value is invalid.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  null or throwing an exception, its `name` property SHOULD keep the original invalid value,
  and a message reporting that the specified value is invalid SHOULD be logged.
```
